hello my name is scheduled and today
we're going to look at the Sabre
silhouette of 2012 290 Arcadia's this is
a half ton towable fifth wheel you do
have on the front here you do have
lights that will shine down for hooking
up at night give a fiberglass front cap
this is a six sided aluminum
construction so you've got sidewalls
front and back roof and floor all made
of aluminum 3-step entry here so you had
a nice low step real easy to get up
inside and you come with the largest
this handle standard you have 50 200
pound axles on this unit 15 inch tires
they are radial tires you do have
outside speakers that play that plate
from the radio also a power awning on
this unit they do give you a hook up
through your cable television on the
outside if you wanted to set a TV out
here then there's your 110 receptacle
course that your water heater sets Gas
and Electric Judas do come with the
ladder have a spare give manual Jack's
in the back nice deep slide out about
three feet deep one thing you'll notice
to you do have windows at the end of the
slides and they do open most units that
you look at this price point may have a
window but they do not open
over here
service bay area here the hot and cold
water you have a water heater bypass
just flip this bypass and it makes it
really easy to uh when I rise it give
your fresh water hookup fresh water fill
and these do have a black tank flush
standard also your cable TV Inlet it
comes in right through the bottom here
all your hoses come through the bottom
you can shut the door it keeps
everything safe and secure okay
230-pound LP tanks one on each side they
do that on each side for weight
distribution also helps for for storage
in the center here you do have power
leveler got a nice big storage
compartment in here also your deep cycle
battery is here they do come with one
battery too is an option let's take a
look inside alright we're inside the
Sabre seller right now and this is the
rear kitchen model and as you can see
with the rear kitchen you have a ton of
counter space and a lot of cabinets all
their cabinet doors are raised hardwood
cabinets and that's top and bottom so
you also have raised cabinets on the
bottom if you look at all the storage of
Evan here it's it's huge all kinds of
room lots of counter space all the way
around a lot more storage here you pull
me throwers open you can see that those
are full extension ball bearing guided
drawers the Knights flat sink covers
which makes this a nice working area
yeah this is a stone casts Inc the neat
thing about stone casts Inc is you can
take a pan right from the the oven or
the stove and put it right in here
doesn't matter if it's 400 degrees or
whatever it'll it will not ml
if a six cubic foot refrigerator
standard large pantry you do have a free
standing dinette in this unit you can
get a booth also with a free standing
dinette you do have storage inside the
dinette it does have another leaf that
comes out also your chairs do lift up
and you have storage in your chair
results nice flat floor slide out no
bump on the floor they do you Shaw
carpet which is a residential carpet
very good carpet you got residential
style couch here that does have an air
bed in it just fold that out it's kind
of built and pumping it plug it in and
it's pumped up within a minute real easy
all the new sabres now also come with 32
inch televisions this is on a arm so you
can pull this out angle it towards the
couch you can snap it back in when
you're ready to travel you do have a
dock for your cell phone to charge it
you've got 12 volt and 110 plugs this
does have surround sound in it also the
new sabres for 2012 do have Bluetooth
technology in them so if you were to
take your smartphone you return your
smartphone on will do that for you here
real quick pair it up push the phone
button if pairs up that I have to do is
play something from your iPod or we got
it right there you can adjust the volume
and everything on a bone which is it's a
great great feature
alright going up into the bath area
bedroom I'm 61 and I can stand up in
this unit even notes a low profile
profile unit they do taper this down for
one resistance and again it's part of
the half ton towable type unit here
pulls really well I got a queen-size bed
it is full length that's 80 inch so
queen sheets will fit it they also give
you a comforter that is machine washable
so this comfort you actually can use
it's just not a drink over it like most
of them doing you you toss it so lots of
storage in here got wardrobes on both
sides that is a slide out there you got
more room on that side here too very
nice that does lift up for storage you
can see that and they get separated with
drawers this is just another nice added
touch also in the bathroom here you have
a china toilet it's not plastic and it's
a foot flushing out of hand flushed a
lot of units again will have plastic
bullets and hand flushes in it but this
is got the higher-end toilet in it you
have a nice-size shower very low lip
right here easy to get in and out and
again I'm 61 and stand right in here no
problem we've got plenty of room
more storage up top here here's your
medicine cabinet and one nice thing to
also that saber does most units will put
a plastic medicine cabinet in from from
home depot or menards they actually
build you a nice wood cabinet and they
do give you the soap holder or the
toothbrush holders that comes all with
the unit i'm scheduled and i thank you
for watching my video come visit us at
American RV and Grandpa's Michigan